All right our app should be using flags so let's try it out. First thing to do
is in the end.

In the end I'm action and change my database name back to 73 tutorial. Make
sure your matches whatever you did when we started this because I want to use
the existing database that we created at the beginning of the tutorial. It's
now wrong Dr. migration's status it should see my existing database and it
seems that everything has fully migrated so we have a database that we can work
with.

Stirling Council server on the front and surprise there are no commands defined
in the server namespace in 75. You opt into your features when you run composer
requires server. It will automatically install itself so when it finishes you
can just run the bin console said recalling Ron. And actually it starts on 4 8
0 0 0 0 0 1 because I forgot we actually already have our server running over
here. It's totally broken. So let's actually go back over here. It's totally
broken so I'm just going to close that have been canceled. Circle. And it may
still start on 4 8 0 0 1 because that process got so killed. Isover and change
to was eight thousand one. And it works. Dude check it out 74 0 1 1 and we are
on flaks you can surf around Lobet and basically see if you have any issues. I
had to slash added sauciness and boom. Actually

we do find an issue it says to use the security tag.

You need to use the security components and install the expression language
component. So let's take a look. This is actually going to be using the assets
the apple control or admin genius and controller. Here's a primer right here at
security this is using expressions if you want to use it. We can install the
Sydney expression language but wait. I want to show you something different.

First of all for Sensi framework extra bundle which is where that annotation
comes from.

I'm going to go to get her page and then go to releases because check this out.

The latest release is 5.1 dash 3. What version do we have. Well we have the
three point zero point two eights. So it's ancient. So I'm actually going to
upgrade this to charAt five point zero and then do a composer update on just
that one package and a new terminal tab from composer update Sencion slash
framework extra bundle and of course you should check the changelog to make
sure that nothing crazy broke during those versions. Updating upgrade to the
new version because there's a new future that I really like. So as soon as this
is finished go back to Jenas admin controller and we're not going to use the
security and patient more to use a new annotation called at is granted. Works
very similar. It's just simpler you can just passives the roll and you're done
and this does not require Sidneys expression language.

So that refresh and we got in long words. I like turtles. So this point we are
done. Unless you were interested in moving all of your existing files from
Hursey applicable directly into SIRC I am interested. So we can do that next.
And then talk about extras.
